# MarkdownTextBlockThis control is a port of `MarkdownTextBlock` from [CommunityToolkit.Labs-Windows](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/Lab-Windows) to **Uno Platform**.It has been modified for the specific needs of the [Symptum](https://github.com/symptum/Symptum) Project with support for few *extensions* from **Markdig** and some custom extensions tailored for *Symptum*.Author: @ShankarBUS# FeaturesThe following are the features that has been added in this port:- **Theme-aware**, and customizable with _Styles_.- **Document outline** and navigation are supported (for now only _Headings_).- **Alerts** are supported.- **Code** rendering with **syntax highlighting**.- Both **Pipe and Grid Tables** with row and column spanning, customization are supported.- Link clicks can be handled by registering a `ILinkHandler`.# CommentsComments can be added in Markdown and they won't be rendered to the screen.To create a comment, enclose in XML style comment tags:> <\!-- Comments are now implemented -->There is a comment below this line.<!-- Comments are now implemented --># ParagraphsParagraphs are delimited by a blank line. Simply starting text on a new line won't create a new paragraph; It will remain on the same line in the final, rendered version as the previous line. You need an extra, blank line to start a new paragraph. This is especially important when dealing with quotes and, to a lesser degree, lists.You can also add non-paragraph line breaks by ending a line with two spaces. The difference is subtle:Paragraph 1, Line 1  Paragraph 1, Line 2  Paragraph 2# Emphasis## BoldText can be displayed in a bold font by surrounding a word or words with either double asterisks (\*) or double underscores (\_).For example: > This sentence includes \*\*bold text\*\*.is displayed as:> This sentence includes **bold text**.## ItalicsText can be displayed in an italic font by surrounding a word or words with either single asterisks (\*) or single underscores (\_).For example: > This sentence includes \*italic text\*.is displayed as:> This sentence includes *italic text*.## Bold & ItalicsText can be displayed in bold & italics by surrounding a word or words with either triple asterisks (\*) or triple underscores (\_).For example: > This sentence includes \*\*\*bold & italic text\*\*\*.is displayed as:> This sentence includes ***bold & italic text***.## StrikethroughText can be displayed in a strikethrough font by surrounding a word or words with double tildes (\~\~). For example:> This sentence includes \~\~strikethrough text\~\~.is displayed as:> This sentence includes ~~strikethrough text~~.## SuperscriptText can be displayed in a superscript font by surrounding a word or words with double carets (\^\^). For example:> This sentence includes super\^script\^ is displayed as:> This sentence includes super^script^.However, note that the superscript font will be reset by a space. To get around this, you can enclose the text in the superscript with parentheses.  The parentheses won't be displayed in the comment, and everything inside of them will be superscripted, regardless of spaces:> This sentence\^(has a superscript with multiple words)\^is displayed as> This sentence^(has a superscript with multiple words)^## SubscriptText can be displayed in a subscript font by surrounding a word or words with a single tilde (\~).> This sentence includes \~sub\~ script> This sentence includes ~sub~script.